At this point, you have seen two big ideas in the world of big data engineering.
The first idea being data warehousing,
rather traditional arts for dealing with
the difference between transaction processing and analytical processing,
and a field which is really mature
over the agents you have lots of tried and true technologies,
and actually that survived the test of many years.
Then you have also seen now
the big data technology school of
thought is something that is a little bit more progressive,
where normal commodity machines have been used and
clustered together to act as a supercomputer which is infinitely scalable.
In this lesson, we're going to see how these two fields
started to actually come together,
there was a marriage and the big data technology started to
affect the data warehouse until actually,
it started to almost totally revamp it.
The little strength in that is known as
the data lake which we're going to cover in this lesson.